 # Data_Projects_TripleTen 

1. Project Overview 
The task is to analyze customer segments of the Zomato food delivery app. The main goal is to find the most active user segment and to offer any meaningful insights made.
The main KPI will be Sum of Sales. An additional KPI, Count of User ID, will also be used. 

2. What was done to the data? 
I will start with assumptions made about the data. The data ranged from the years 2017 to 2020. Despite this time gap, the most active user segment will be representative of 2024. I also made the assumption that any user with one or more 
purchase was an active customer. Any User ID that did not meet this criteria would have been filtered out. Using the Tableau Public app, I uploaded the "Users" data and inner-joined "Orders" through their common table of "UserID". Using multiple sheets, I then began to segment User by Occupation, Educational level, Monthly-income, family size, and
age with the KPI Sum of Sales. In addition that, I applied the Count of User ID KPI to Occupation. 

3. Results 
54% of zomato users are higher-education aged students. Students make up the majority of users and account for $527,55,739 in sales. Breaking down students further, younger-aged graduates and 
post-graduates account for 51% of all total sales. Considering all occupational and monthly-income segments, students in the no-monthly income bracket are the largest and account for $451,019,995. Students were also found to have the lowest age and lowest family size. 
Taking these results into consideration, the full context comes into view. These are students who must make the most of their time. They are busy with class and extracurricular activities. They may not have a car on campus to go and grab dinner. They are in a transition period and are financially dependant on their parents. 
These are students who use Zomato to enjoy a nice meal and efficiently save time. Knowing this context, I would suggest coupons or free orders on items over $30. This would incentivize zomato orders in large group settings, and it would encourage other students who have never heard of the app to download it for themselves. Systematic rewards to members on every 
tenth delivery encourages continuued use as each user looks forward to that next special delivery. Finally, rewards or coupons for familial and friendly referrals might reach new users. At the very least, it rewards customer loyalty. 

4. Future Analysis 
I did not take geographical location into consideration. I would be curious as to where I would find the most active users. In the context of students, knowing the most popular Higher-Educational institutions would be even more beneficial. Investment in advertisment in these particular college towns would reach a larger audience. 
Another consideration I did not look into was Marital status, being "Single, "Married", or "Preferred not to say". Using a calculated field, I could look at the average family sizes of those users who were listed as "Preferred not to say". If they have had a family size of one, I could make the assumption that they were single. If they had a family size greather than one, I could at least assume they were in a relationship.
The biggest factor that I would want to address is large orders for family sizes greater than 2. 
